8
religion,philosophy,history
Indian religion Buddhism
Buddhism is an Indian religion based on a series of original teachings
attributed to Gautama Buddha. It originated in ancient India as a Sramana
tradition sometime between the 6th and 4th centuries BCE, spreading through much
of Asia. It is the world's fourth-largest religion with over 520 million
followers, or over 7% of the global population, known as Buddhists. Buddhism
encompasses a variety of traditions, beliefs and spiritual practices largely
based on the Buddha's teachings (born Siddhartha Gautama in the 5th or 4th
century BCE) and resulting interpreted philosophies.
7
sport,history
Karate martial art
Karate is developed in the Ryukyu Kingdom. It developed from the indigenous
Ryukyuan martial arts under the influence of Kung Fu, particularly Fujian White
Crane. Karate is now predominantly a striking art using punching, kicking, knee
strikes, elbow strikes and open-hand techniques such as knife-hands, spear-hands
and palm-heel strikes. Historically, and in some modern styles, grappling,
throws, joint locks, restraints and vital-point strikes are also taught. A
karate practitioner is called a karateka.
6
software,testing,tools
Open-source general-purpose test-automation framework Karate
Karate can script calls to HTTP end-points and assert that the JSON or XML
responses are as expected. Karate also has support for service-virtualization
where it can bring up "mock" (or stub) servers which can substitute for
web-services that need to participate in an integration-test. Karate's
capabilities include being able to run tests in parallel, HTML reports and
compatibility with Continuous Integration tools.
8
geography,regions
Peninsula along the northern coast of the Black Sea in Eastern Europe.
Crimea is almost entirely surrounded by both the Black Sea and the smaller Sea
of Azov to the northeast. Crimea is located south of Kherson Oblast in Ukraine,
to which it is connected by the Isthmus of Perekop, and lies west of Krasnodar
Krai in Russia, from which it is separated by the Strait of Kerch though linked
by the Crimean Bridge since 2018. The Arabat Spit is located to its northeast, a
narrow strip of land that separates a system of lagoons named Sivash from the
Sea of Azov. To the peninsula's west, across the Black Sea, lies Romania, and to
its south, Turkey.
5
politics,military,regions
Russian Federation annexed The Crimean Peninsula, north of the Black Sea in Eastern Europe
Crimea was annexed between February and March 2014 and since then has been
administered as two Russian federal subjects—the Republic of Crimea and the
federal city of Sevastopol. The annexation from Ukraine followed a Russian
military intervention in Crimea that took place in the aftermath of the 2014
Ukrainian revolution and was part of wider 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine.
13
biography,history
Early life of Russian president, Vladimir Putin
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin was born on 7 October 1952 in Leningrad, Russian
SFSR, Soviet Union (now Saint Petersburg, Russia), the youngest of three
children of Vladimir Spiridonovich Putin (1911–1999) and Maria Ivanovna Putina.
Spiridon Putin, Vladimir Putin's grandfather, was a cook to Vladimir Lenin.
Putin's birth was preceded by the deaths of two brothers, Viktor and Albert,
born in the mid-1930s. Albert died in infancy and Viktor died of diphtheria
during the Siege of Leningrad by Nazi Germany's forces in World War II. Putin's
mother was a factory worker and his father was a conscript in the Soviet Navy,
serving in the submarine fleet in the early 1930s. Early in World War II, his
father served in the destruction battalion of the NKVD. Later, he was
transferred to the regular army and was severely wounded in 1942. Putin's
maternal grandmother was killed by the German occupiers of Tver region in 1941,
and his maternal uncles disappeared on the Eastern Front during World War II.
10
biography,history
Short life description of Belorussian president Lukashenko
Lukashenko was born on 31 August 1954 in the settlement of Kopys in the Vitebsk
Oblast of the Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. His maternal grandfather,
Trokhym Ivanovich Lukashenko, had been born in the Sumy Oblast of Ukraine near
Shostka (today village of Sobycheve). Lukashenko grew up without a father in his
childhood, leading him to be taunted by his schoolmates for having an unmarried
mother. Due to this, the origin of his patronymic Grigorevich is unknown and
there are various rumors about who Lukashenko's father might have been with the
most popular version being that he was a Roma passing through the region. His
mother, Ekaterina Trofimovna Lukashenko (1924–2015), gave birth to another son,
Alexander's older brother who died.
7
food,dish,cooking
Rice or wheat dish pilaf
Pilaf's, or pilau, recipe usually involves cooking in stock or broth, adding
spices, and other ingredients such as vegetables or meat, and employing some
technique for achieving cooked grains that do not adhere. Some cooks prefer to
use basmati because it is easier to prepare a pilaf where the grains stay
"light, fluffy and separate" with this type of rice. However, other types of
long-grain rice are also used. The rice is rinsed thoroughly before use to
remove the starch. Pilaf can be cooked in water or stock.
8
philosophy,food
Philosophy of food finds its basis on the idea that food is a mirror.
You may have heard the saying ‘we are what we eat.’ Well, there is more to say
regarding this relation. Eating mirrors the making of a self, that is, the array
of decisions and circumstances that bring us to eat the way we do. In them, we
can see reflected a detailed and comprehensive image of ourselves. Philosophy of
food reflects on the ethical, political, social, artistic, identity-defining
aspects of food. It spurs from the challenge to more actively pondering our
diets and eating habits so as to understand who we are in a deeper, more
authentic way.
11
religion,politics,philosophy
The relation between religion and politics continues to be an important theme in political philosophy
despite the emergent consensus (both among political theorists and in practical
political contexts, such as the United Nations) on the right to freedom of
conscience and on the need for some sort of separation between church and state.
One reason for the importance of this topic is that religions often make strong
claims on people’s allegiance, and universal religions make these claims on all
people, rather than just a particular community. For example, Islam has
traditionally held that all people owe obedience to Allah’s will. Thus, it is
probably inevitable that religious commitments will sometimes come into conflict
with the demands of politics. But religious beliefs and practices also
potentially support politics in many ways. The extent and form of this support
is as important to political philosophers as is the possibility for conflict.
9
geography,science
Geography is a systematic study of the Universe and its features.
Traditionally, geography has been associated with cartography and place names.
Although many geographers are trained in toponymy and cartology, this is not
their main preoccupation. Geographers study the space and the temporal database
distribution of phenomena, processes, and features as well as the interaction of
humans and their environment. Because space and place affect a variety of
topics, such as economics, health, climate, plants and animals, geography is
highly interdisciplinary. The interdisciplinary nature of the geographical
approach depends on an attentiveness to the relationship between physical and
human phenomena and its spatial patterns.
11
sport
Generally categorized as a modern Japanese martial art Judo
Judo has since evolved into an Olympic event. The sport was created in 1882 by
Jigoro Kano as a physical, mental, and moral pedagogy in Japan. With its origins
coming from jujutsu, judo's most prominent feature is its competitive element,
where the objective is to either throw or take down the opponent to the ground,
immobilize or otherwise subdue the opponent with a pin, or force the opponent to
submit with a joint lock or a choke. Strikes and thrusts by hands and feet as
well as weapons defences are a part of judo, but only in pre-arranged forms
(kata) and are not allowed in judo competition or free practice (randori). It
was also referred to as Kanō Jiu-Jitsu until the introduction to the Olympic
event. A judo practitioner is called a "judoka", and the judo uniform is called
"judogi".
6
cooking,science
Why does food brown when cooked?
Browning, or the Maillard reaction, creates flavor and changes the color of
food. Maillard reactions generally only begin to occur above 285°F (140°C).
Until the Maillard reaction occurs meat will have less flavor. Shown above are
two identical dishes cooked (left) below (140°C) and right at much higher
temperatures. Both caramelization and the maillard reaction only occur on the
right producing the noticeable brown color.
10
science,military
What can be used to establish enemy capability as part of technical intelligence?
Military science is the study of military processes, institutions, and behavior,
along with the study of warfare, and the theory and application of organized
coercive force. It is mainly focused on theory, method, and practice of
producing military capability in a manner consistent with national defense
policy. Military science serves to identify the strategic, political, economic,
psychological, social, operational, technological, and tactical elements
necessary to sustain relative advantage of military force; and to increase the
likelihood and favorable outcomes of victory in peace or during a war. Military
scientists include theorists, researchers, experimental scientists, applied
scientists, designers, engineers, test technicians, and other military personnel
13
software,tools
Programming on Linux
Most programming languages support Linux either directly or through third-party
community based ports. The original development tools used for building both
Linux applications and operating system programs are found within the GNU
toolchain, which includes the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC) and the GNU Build
System. Amongst others, GCC provides compilers for Ada, C, C++, Go and Fortran.
Many programming languages have a cross-platform reference implementation that
supports Linux, for example PHP, Perl, Ruby, Python, Java, Go, Rust and Haskell.
First released in 2003, the LLVM project provides an alternative cross-platform
open-source compiler for many languages. Proprietary compilers for Linux include
the Intel C++ Compiler, Sun Studio, and IBM XL C/C++ Compiler. BASIC in the form
of Visual Basic is supported in such forms as Gambas, FreeBASIC, and XBasic, and
in terms of terminal programming or QuickBASIC or Turbo BASIC programming in the
form of QB64.
